Minimum supported Cardano node versions for Mithril signers (#1624)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/manual/getting-started/run-signer-node.md

:::

:::info

> Compare the version of your Cardano node with the minimum supported versions listed in the [`cardano-min-versions.json`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/blob/main/cardano-min-versions.json) to verify its compatibility with the Mithril signer.

Reviewer: This should be updated with `networks.json`

Author: Done ✅

First, check the version of your Cardano node by running the following command:

```bash
cardano-node --version
```

Then, refer to the minimum supported versions listed in the the [`networks.json`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/blob/main/networks.json) file.

You can also fetch the minimum supported version for your network using the command below:
```bash

> wget -q -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/input-output-hk/mithril/main/networks.json | jq -r '."**YOUR_CARDANO_NETWORK**"."cardano-minimum-version"."mithril-signer"'

Reviewer: Do we need the `"` in the `jq` args here and below?

Author: Yes, `jq` doesn't handle the hyphen correctly.
However, I can remove the `"` around the **YOUR_CARDANO_NETWORK** as the Cardano networks are currently written in a single word.

```

Here is an example for `preprod`:
```bash
wget -q -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/input-output-hk/mithril/main/cardano-min-versions.json | jq -r '.network.preprod'

> ```

Reviewer: This should be updated with new JSON format

Author: Done ✅

:::

:::info

> To verify that your node version is supported, compare the version of your Cardano node with the minimum supported versions listed in the `cardano-min-versions.json` file located at the root of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that your node version is supported, compare the version of your Cardano node with the minimum supported versions listed in the [`cardano-min-versions.json`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/blob/main/cardano-min-versions.json) file located at the root of the repository.
```

Author: Done ✅

> To verify that your node version is supported, compare the version of your Cardano node with the minimum supported versions listed in the [`cardano-min-versions.json`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/blob/main/cardano-min-versions.json) file located at the root of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compare the version of your Cardano node with the minimum supported versions listed in the [`cardano-min-versions.json`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/blob/main/cardano-min-versions.json) to verify its compatibility with the Mithril signer.
```

Author: Done ✅

First, check the version of your Cardano node by running the following command:

```bash
cardano-node --version
```

> Then, refer to the minimum supported versions listed in the `cardano-min-versions.json` file, which can be found [here](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/blob/main/cardano-min-versions.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, refer to the minimum supported versions listed in the [`cardano-min-versions.json`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/blob/main/cardano-min-versions.json) file, which can be found [here.
```

Author: Done ✅. I also removed the end ", which can be found here." to avoid a repetition.

You can also fetch the minimum supported version for your network using the command below:
```bash
wget -q -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/input-output-hk/mithril/main/cardano-min-versions.json | jq -r '.network.**YOUR_CARDANO_NETWORK**'
```

Here is an example for `preprod`:
```bash
wget -q -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/input-output-hk/mithril/main/cardano-min-versions.json | jq -r '.network.preprod'
```

> Compare the Cardano node versions, if your node version is equal to or higher than the minimum supported version listed for your network, your Cardano node is supported.

Reviewer: To remove IMO

Author: Done ✅
